listen to me Dale look when I was a kid
when I was a little boy I always wanted
to be a dynast I wanted to be a
Tyrannosaurus Rex with anything in the
world I made my arm shorty and I roam
the backyard and I chased the
neighborhood cats and I growled an i or
are everybody knew me and was afraid of
me and then one day my dad said Bobby
you're 17 it's time to throw childish
things aside and I said okay pop but he
didn't really say that he said stop
being a fucking dinosaur and get a job
but you know I thought to myself I'll go
to medical school I'll practice for a
little while and then we'll come back to
me yeah how's that a skill to do it
you're human you could never be a
dinosaur I lost it well then what's the
point yeah the point is don't lose your
dinosaur
I crossbones when there's no one around
peace what your own while I'm shaking
the ground and you know that i'm home
cuz i'm up in the sound rose that i
won't be me something for now i have a
long tail with some big teeth green
scales and a run around with big feet
people telling me that it's done that I
could ever think I could be whatever I
wanna tell cleverley I bite the heads
off of people they hate me for my
carnivore brain so tasty pains when I
sling to your name try to chase me left
in the lady can't kick wake be waiting
big streets don't maze me i'm the damned
can lady bitch breaking everybody's
dinosaur lost in the making i would try
to keep my time keeps wasting that clock
ticks faster locked in a box it's a key
that I'm after run a couple blocks maybe
need a new chapter wack shit talks but I
breathe in the laughter and there's
girls that I slapped her / with my claws
velociraptor you're also bad coming bow
to the master shouts from the mouth of
this plans a disaster why stop now i'ma
keep you in it likes to be
she would never like to live so I doubt
that I'm through with it no my keys now
cuz i'm already doing it type it out
write it down in my brain make sure now
that our Audi insane weather out says
that it's cloudy with rain but if I let
myself down then I know who to blame
here's the way i'll be back
don't have
cuz you lost me
never
sent through an ass
see how right away
you don't have to tell me more
I forgot cuz you lost it
thank y'all my cage was eight all the
people that pretended to save us plan
they demanded i rendered an eggless
chopped up there and they were dead it
was painless call me dumb call me stupid
sarcastic the way that you have in my
life would be plastic hop in the rod
look left and i gassed it lays that went
on out there kicking your asses take
your hope then I smash it rhymes is dope
the words are some drastic sit here and
run rather be in the casket 8 ball shape
in the answers I'm asking Nate sighs
post help find out a store lawson long
ago cuz i didn't have time no more call
the number on the bottom of the sheet no
one ever bothered cuz dinos extinct
don't lose that he you might never get
it back losing with a love because
somebody told niggas wagons with
anything to black and then they act
right get a job get a house get a pretty
ass wife that's what they tellin me be a
good boy you're not a reptile you do
where you should board redheaded
stepchild get hit with the woods or whip
for a while you know where I stood boy
don't need the funny no that's not what
all this is about collecting funny got
me screaming so you can now
young money I get wild and spit out open
up your mouth you sick child now sit
down shit rounds click down the flip out
cuz you're getting now so limit out I
keep it out no tagbacks no need to wait
I know exactly where my plates at me
so I really
see how we don't know what Thomas try
now wish you never
never lose you
touch me can I
central window
Krista way of me now never will
we don't know it's drawn away
the world
forgot
never lose your dinosaur